What poison did I get, Xiao Qi?
Host rest assured
Your own rose scent can dissolve any toxin
You can't die in the fast food world
You can't leave until you complete the task
After the rose fragrance dissolves the toxin
Any poison will turn into an aphrodisiac effect
No, aphrodisiac effect
How long will it take to pit me?
24 hours, one hour before the drug kicks in
What are you doing here?

You really went to great lengths to get close to Master Yan
What does it have to do with you?
Ex-husband
We're not divorced yet. Do you know what it means to abide by women's rights?
I don't understand, why don't you demonstrate what it means to abide by each other first?
You are jealous
You think too much.
Brother Chuan
Help!